1. What conclusion can you reach about the responses to this question?
Answer: A lot of customers would like rewards system.

2. Is the default summary or visualization helpful? How could it be improved?
Answer:  Yes it was very helpful because it let me see the responses in one glimpse

3. For questions with an “Other” option, where can you find the actual text of those responses? Do you notice anything that might be tricky about analyzing these?
Answer:The actual text responses can usually be found in the individual response details or in the spreadsheet/Excel export of the survey results. One challenge is that people may type similar answers in different ways

4. For questions calling for a written response, what challenges do you notice about finding trends or patterns in the answers provided?
Answer:it can be difficult to quickly find trends or patterns because the answers are open-ended and may all be phrased differently. Some responses may be short, vague, or include multiple ideas in one answer

5. Now that you can see the responses, how might you recommend rephrasing this question or the response options in a future survey?
Answer:Now that I can see the responses, I would recommend rephrasing the question or response options to make the answers more specific and easier to compare.

6. Is there anything that surprised you about the survey responses?
Answer: I was surprised that there was a visual option for a quick look and excel option for detail.

7. Looking at the responses to questions 1 and 5, are there any ideas you might try to include in your morning routine, or any questions that you are also curious about?
Answer:I am curious about which routines actually help people feel more focused and productive throughout the day.

8. Pretend you are the instructor. Is there anything you can learn from this survey to help in how you approach teaching this class?
Answer: If I were the instructor, I could use the survey responses to better understand students’ habits, interests, and possible challenges

9. Again, pretend you are the instructor. Do you think it was helpful or not helpful to make this survey anonymous? Why or why not?
Answer: think making the survey anonymous was helpful because students may have felt more comfortable answering honestly
